added link to spoof intelligence insight (#1199)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/create-safe-sender-lists-in-office-365.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Information on how to create a **Blocked Sender List** is [here](create-block-sender-lists-in-office-365.md).

> [!NOTE]

> > To allow sender domain to send unauthenticated emails (bypass anti-spoofing protection), but not bypassing anti-spam and anti-malware checks, you can add it to [AllowedToSpoof safe sender list]( https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/walkthrough-spoof-intelligence-insight).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To allow a sender domain to send unauthenticated emails (bypass anti-spoofing protection) but not bypass anti-spam and anti-malware checks, you can add it to the [AllowedToSpoof safe sender list]( https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/walkthrough-spoof-intelligence-insight).
```
